shall we get recording eh so today we
have
taronis playing as a l commissar here
and he's going to be facing on calaris
desert the mech boy of fathom fathom
fathom
fathom fathom known ironically for some
rather unfathomable players in prior
cast so we'll see if he's going to
repeat that
SEL so we got a sentinel moving in here
from taronis as his first option always
better to buy your senel as your first
pick get your second gsman after if you
do want double Gman and a single
Sentinel because it will reduce your
upkeep
burden faom in contrast being a little
bit
strange only going for a
single
shooter in tandem with his starting
Slugger risky to be honest given a lot
commissar L commissar plus the Sentinel
can put a lot of pressure on right now
the Sentinel is really not doing a whole
lot it's incurred a lot of damage and
yes it doesn't bleed but the thing is
you got to spend time now repairing it
with your
Guardsman and there's a good potential
that while that's happening those guys
were not going to be achieving anything
and right now this is terrible those
guys will just need to retreat I don't
know what they're
doing yeah they needed to retreat a long
time ago and now they're going to be in
Base Healing for a bit she just
retreated before that you don't want to
be bleeding the guard man certainly
before they can get their sergeant and
is only just getting the sergeant now
the uh Guardsman now because he decided
to get the sergeant early which is ready
very very
strange this is a weird game this just
get ready for some Madness guys I can
already foresee that we're going to get
some
Madness so he's going to use one of
those Guardsmen to get some repairs in
the Sentinel and he's going to send the
other one out to C
that requisition which should be his
natural we'll meet Sluggers kind of nice
sending the Sluggers down here because
if the Guardsman are trying to use the
Garrison you've got the burners as an
option to flush them
out hboy for fathom against IG as your
first pick is super weird and to be
honest a terrible idea I mean it's just
a a very weak melee unit individually
okay it doesn't bleed fine but
like I said IG are already putting on a
lot of early game pressure taronis
really needs to get his Lord Kar
involved in the action here he is a huge
part of the early pressure against the
the Orcs And really he should be hunting
the shooters
constantly see if he notices the flank
from the slug onto the Gman
here so T tonis is messing up in that
regard but generally IG should have a
pretty nice Advantage prior to the arc
getting all of their upgrades on their
boys so you would typically see a fast
looter the other thing is generally the
best unit in the tier one of the IG is
what what do you think the best unit in
tier one of IG is just generally broadly
the most effective most cost effective
against the the widest array of units in
the widest array of
applications kishan Devils of course so
you go for a pain boy and you were just
justifying the IG getting cishan Devils
because the pain boy is a melee unit
which the Devil's counter and he best
supports melee units which the C Devil's
counter so it's a strange one really it
justifies going Kish Devils into
spotters and then just Bas locking with
maybe a LZ turet
push just winning the game in tier one
but tonis is a little bit torpid if you
didn't know torpid generally means
learic and
slow it's kind of like toper someone who
is suffering from toer could be
described as being to
PID tonis needs to to get a grip get a
little bit more
aggressive see he's getting the spots
now cuz he sees the looters but it's a
bit delayed and he's had this Sentinel
running around for ages messing around
getting shot at by Shooters now we've
got a
w so yeah they are riled up these green
skins they're getting that speed boost
and that damage boost and of course
you've got the me boy who can teleport
after you only 50% far on the moves and
nothing too huge here getting some
repairs down at least he's got the kar
here for the fight now which is helpful
and yeah with the spotters on the field
the looters don't really have much to do
here they can try setting up and bait
out a a shell but Kar is just going to
get into melee again T ton is just a
little bit slow in his
micro but he gets the combination down
and then the shooters are just bleeding
now the Sluggers are just hanging around
for no reason they really don't want to
be going to melee with the commite here
they're just going to bleed they're not
going to win the fight with the and fire
of spotters and Sentinel
yeah they should just Retreat instantly
you only lost a single Slugger so not a
huge loss there for faam but it is
something if we look at taronis they've
had their full free gens for a long time
five them only Built the third gen a
little bit sooner so they're quite
significantly behind in terms of power I
mean they're
expenditure yeah their expenditure is
really high as well you got fully
upgraded Shooters here which are 45 50
or is it even 20 uh Power for the
burners 15 or 20 30 for the pain boo 30
for the looters 25 for the the big
shooter I mean this contrasts with 15
for Stomp and 30 for
spotters quite a significant difference
there though you would have expected
jens's up earlier for fathom because of
the fact that he only LED with two
requisition units at the start of the
game so perhaps not as bad as it sounds
with the power differential there
because fath's income should have been a
bit higher but then again fathom got his
final gen up player so I don't know
anyway he's putting on a lot of pressure
here with his daa daa daa and his fully
upgraded shoot boys now they're taking
out the Sentinel there this is what the
looters are meant to be doing though
they're meant to counter the commissar
when he inevitably runs in to tie up the
shooters but then that's what the spars
are for right however yeah slugger's
also intervening now the Lord Kamar is
in a bit of trouble there needs to get
out of there and the pinboy managed to
get into melee with the Guardsman pinboy
running around solo like this is is just
really inefficient his DPS output is
very low compared to having something
like another boy Squad and then you'd
have two units which can run both sides
dealing with garrisons which you can see
the gsman are conveniently using in the
corner here but also threatening gen
bashes it's quite easy if your opponent
only has one flamer unit to mentally
keep track of its location at all times
and ensure that they don't sneak around
the back and actually bash you gens if
there's two though that can be a lot
harder just something to consider there
tonis is already tier two and he's going
to be going for the oing Squad that's a
bit of an odd Choice clearly doesn't
realize how far is in Tech I guess
that's somewhat understandable given
that he didn't actually get any gem
bashes off but against Orcs I would not
be going for the
ogens it's strange orens
are very very resilient against shooter
boys because shooter boys only do
piercing and orens are super heavy
infantry which takes really negligible
amounts of damage from Pacing but the
problem is the real threat in tier 2 for
the Orcs isn't any more the shooters
they don't actually get any stronger in
tier 2 than the state that they're
currently in in tier one other than
levels but the Slugger boys when they
get their knob especially with upgraded
GS sauce from the pain booy could be
very fearsome that actually could go Toe
totoe with the Sluggers quite easily
sorry could go Toe totoe with the orens
quite easily especially if the Orin do
not save use your Ed for a melee fight
which is a common mistake that you'll
see newer players do they'll use the use
your Ed ability on the orens to just get
a speed boost and to rush into melee
with ranged units but generally that's
not
the best application for it you should
use it prior to retreat to stop model
losses in a Mele braw if it's a Mele
fight that you can that's pretty tight
then you use it at the start of the
melee fight and it gives you two sources
of knockback it gives you one explosion
of knockback as soon as you use it and
then about two or 3 seconds into it it
does another like burst there there's a
little animation you see like a little
white sort of wave come come off
underneath the Orin it does another
knock back and that double knockback
guaranteed in a m fight is pretty huge
cuz it's basically loads of time where
the enemy isn't doing any damage but
you're doing loads of damage to him so
those are the two applications you
should use it or to hunt down Vehicles
cuz you heavy melee especially if you
sned the vehicle with a melter storm
troop melter bomb or a last Cannon but
we don't see that often and uh that will
mean it's wasted and it isn't present
for then a brawl against Slugger boys
with a knob and that would be a very bad
situation but we actually see double
looters
here kind of
interesting they'll be okay against the
Orin
obviously the piercing damage especially
from distance won't do a tremendous
amount but at least it will control them
and it will do some damage up close now
the knob isn't actually here yet so this
is probably a bad fight you actually
seen the secondary activation of the
knock back there or's focusing on the uh
pain boy right now can they get
him oh no they can't I think the or need
to get out of here now cuz the slov has
arrived and they have been too busy
focusing on the pain Bo so they're low
on HP lucky special there Oren specials
are so strong they do really damage I
can't I feel like it's something like 65
damage or something now maybe that's
just the bone head he has a stronger
special but it's a lot it's one of the
stronger specials out there on an
infantry
Squad this is really weird I don't know
what the heck tonus is doing generally I
always say as a rule of fun you don't
want to go above four generators that
will nearly always result in having too
much power but the only exception to
that would be if you don't expect to
hold them but then if you don't to hold
them I would really question why you're
building them is it worth that spending
that requisition investment uh fathom he
didn't he didn't reveal his looters I
feel like he could definitely have shot
down the commissar during that time Kar
has now picked up the Power sword in the
OR of discipline that's definitely going
to help him beat the pain Bo and OG
combo so long as he can keep his Lord
comasa around the orens we'll see
whether he manages that or
not so pretty huge heal for the orens I
think of something like 350% sorry per
whoa that'd be broken 350 HP per proc
which is
every every 10
seconds pretty
good IV I feel like I feel like that was
a lot better before getting confused
between the patches I know it was nerfed
at some point I don't know if it's
nerfed in this one I'm going to be
nerfed in the next one know what the
crack is but it's still no doubt going
to be very effective with the or but you
see tus isn't doing that he's keeping it
near the Gman which makes me question if
he even realizes how this works a lot of
new players as well will get this
upgrade thinking I'll heal my Gman with
it but the actual heal is just
negligible because the heal gets worse
the more models you are surrounded by if
you're near free spotters and the two
gsman you've now got over 30 models so
the actual percentage heal is going to
be a lot lot lot lower and it's a
percentage heal right so for healing
gsman is pretty terrible Sur you'd want
a flat heal against gsman since they
have such low HP well they don't have
low HP they actually have average HP but
yeah you get the point way less HP
compared to an
Orin so faam goes for a death dread it's
reasonable we're he's got some cyborg
implants he's going to be upgrading his
Sluggers with something let's see if we
can see what's going to happen here is
he going to give it HP generally you
would go for Speed I think but maybe
he's going to go for HP no his HP didn't
change so he's either got speed or
damage looks like damage cuz it doesn't
appear that those Sluggers are
outspeeding the pain booy no they seem
to be moving at standard orc speed so
must be damage he's gone for there so
that'll be a bit scary you'll have to
retreat earlier from them of course
there's no
there's no way to know that they've got
that upgrade so that is the power of
going for damage you can throw off
people's muscle
memory now one thing that I've not
spoken about yet tonus is tremendously
behind in
VPS should have a pretty good situation
here against the death dread oh not very
much he's walking his last Cannon
forward into melee oh dear then again fa
joining and walking his Meb his Shooters
into melee
too strange and the looters he's got a
beam me looter wow he got a beam me
looter just to kill a a senel with a
missile launcher damn that's
nuts let's see how this brawl goes OG's
taking a lot of damage here from the
Slugger knob and the death dad but the
death DD wants to flee wow all of the
Sluggers
killed vers is only the bonee head dying
on the ogin hilarious
this infiltration player by fathom
honestly not working at all I feel like
it's hurting him more than anything
there's been several instances where his
looters really should have been firing
and it feels like he's just forgot to un
infiltrate them or maybe he thought he's
making a sneaky player but it's really
not pulled
off played out pulled off I don't know
it's not wored for
him ton is going to three and Fa going
for a weir by this situation right now
would be where it'd be really cool to
have a Punisher Leman Russ which if
you're unfamiliar is to put it in
lemon's terms like a Gatling gun lemman
Russ it's like an assault cannon on a
Leman Russ to be honest I'm not even
sure well the weapons just called a
Punisher Cannon right I was going to say
I'm not sure what the weapon's called as
far as I understand it it's basically a
stronger assault Cannon so the idea is
you've got a tank that does a TR just a
crazy amount of focused pacing damage
basically like the assault can of
dreadnut but on a tank so it's even
better because it's more mobile but
obviously it's tier threee so it would
be crap against other
tanks but if you look at fath's
composition of course he's just mostly
running around with a load of infantry
he does have that death dread but you
still have the underl LZ cannon on your
your Leman
Russ and you know he's got a heavy
weapons team he's got orins and he's got
a missile sent I think he's okay to kill
a death dread he needs to actually
[__] set up his last Cannon this time
see this is a a macro decision that's
terrible here he set up the last Cannon
and he's got no one in front to scout
for it so by the time so you can see the
death Dre's in range right now but he
can't see it cuz he's got no one
scouting for it are under and and also
it's just so vulnerable it's not even in
proper
cover should be in cover there but you
need units in front to Scout and to
protect it from just being attacked
he goes tier three and drops a
bunker guess he's going for a medical
bunker oh man this micro is crazy he's
running into melee he's got frag
missiles loaded he really needs the
crack missiles in so there we go we got
the what's it called lead by example but
wow a lot of damage coming into the Lord
Kar he's got to get out of there really
needs an armor upgrade to be honest he's
not that durable right now micro ton is
going crazy he's stomping on the floor
if he had cracked missiles loaded this
would probably already be
dead where are the crack
missiles chase after this death dread no
additional shot remember another play
that you can make with a heavy weapons
team as the commissar is execute it and
you will do tremendous amounts of damage
you will do literally double the damage
I mean you could have killed the death
dreading free shots never mind with
crack missiles weighing in and the heavy
melee of the ogin Orin ironically here
doing very very
well let's do it I'm never going to
catch the death dread with the last
Cannon here this is a terrible idea
you could push into the
base but he's not going to that's fair
enough so A's right now tanking
beautifully really could do with that
aura of discipline mayby okay they need
to retreat now cuz they're going to
bleed another model if that weird Boy
Hits him again it's going to be really
painful Retreat
man lucky it only got one of them oh
that was the bonee head again oh my God
keeps killing the damn bonad real
solders me boy but they are doing well I
don't know why he went tier three and
dropped the bunker that's really quite
crazy but of
gawk oh great foot of GA kind of wasted
foot of GA generally always will not
kill things because a competent opponent
will just Retreat out of it but the
point is that it forces Retreats cuz if
they don't they get wrecked you can also
use it to one shot the bunker I believe
so that would have been a better
play but you know you suppress the enemy
double Guardsman with your looters so
they can't manually Dodge and then you
foot of GK and it forces a retreat on
both of them obviously if they' got
commissar though they can then just
execute and come back in I've actually
got bullens wow bullens are interesting
they are if they can get levels a
straight upgrade against orins but by
default they're not they're actually
worse against melee due to the lack of
use your Ed so they have more HP than
default orens and you can see they're
immune to basic knockback as well
are here but they the lack of us your Ed
definitely does hurt in melee fights
with when they're at a point before
getting
levels in contrast the reason for them
is that they are massive tanks
especially to ranged fire due to the
slap Shields they passively take reduced
damage against ranged and yeah he's he's
overcommitted them expecting them to be
superheroes but they haven't got their
levels yet and they had no support
fighting a essentially a whole Army
Sentinel really could have gone in there
and stomped those thuggers and that
would have made things quite different
needs to get some repairs going on where
is the stomp oh god really late on the
stomp now he's going to die to the
looters please uninfiltrated your
looters faom faom they're not shooting
cuz he's tried to infiltrate them thank
God he right clicked the senel in
time def think killing a Gman a massive
waste of
time when his burners could be killing
do
them Las kind of probably get another
shot in but not enough to take out the
death dread oh God it might get another
shot in here wow ooh really close 13 HP
on the death dread damn but tonis is out
of VPS he actually executes it what the
[__] he executed the heavy weapons team
and then
Retreats um yeah I don't know crazy game
ton is obviously a newer player a lot of
macro mistakes I hope you can see this
game and see the macro mistakes one
thing I noticed there was basically
nothing going on this whole game down
this side of the map and that's a big
failure of tarsonis should have been
sending a unit down this side of the map
in general quite difficult when you've
got double gsman and he did opt for
fully upgrading those gsman I would
question why that was necessary
generally the gsman are most effective
in to outshooting the shooter boys
especially with the commissar they end
up being just way more cost effective
but the the the primary threats here
weren't the shooter boys you had looters
you had the painball Sluggers and then
weird boy all of which gsman aren't
really a good counter to so I wouldn't
have been invested in those gsman I'd
have kept one of them just as a sergeant
and just keep sending him down this way
to cap the map however an alternative
would have been if he had invested in a
different build he could have had kadash
and he could have sent the kadash down
this way or he could have used kishan in
his main Army still using just a s
Sergeant Guardsman down this side of the
map to cap but then the kadish would
have been able to provide him with
additional
knockback potential in those main fights
which would have been really helpful to
deal with those Sluggers in general I
think the Lord comar was highly
underused at this point in the game he
definitely should have had a armor there
was a massive lead here in Tech and it
was kind of what I was referencing with
the Punisher Leman
Russ if you get tier three before your
opponent and you're able to employ an
anti-infantry tank generally you can
just bleed them so hard with the range
DPS output of that vehicle that they'll
be stuck in tier two forever and they
they'll just just they'll get
wrecked you do the one two so with IG
you'd get a Leman Russ you keep it You'
give it the Executioner you do you bleed
looters and tank Busters and Lords you
still do tremendous amounts of DPS to a
death dread and then you get ckins
afterwards and there is nothing a tier 2
or can do against that combo but instead
he rushed tier three dropped bunker
which didn't really need he wasn't even
particularly successful at holding
ground and really uh another thing if it
was a high level game like if I was have
him as soon as he drops that bunker
right foot of gawk gone you just wasted
all your money just like that and that's
one of the really powerful things about
foot of gawk same it destroys turrets
bunkers beacons instantly gone so you
don't go those things against some an
arc that has a weird boy but fathom
didn't even see that opportunity and
then additionally he went for benss
probably doesn't quite understand the
difference between ogens and bulens
bulens as I say at level four are a flat
upgrade to ogens because their stats are
just so much better they'll wipe the
floor with level four ogens however
you're probably going to have level two
orens by the time you reach tier three
and level two orens compared to level
one buens that's not a flat upgrade
buens counter ranged because you can't
knock them over so they just keep
charging forward and they have passive
damage resistance against range attacks
so they're really tanky against ranged
but because they don't have use your
head which is two sources of on demand
and KN back they're actually a lot worse
in Mele fights even though they have
slightly more DPS and HP than the orens
the amount of damage output that you can
put as an Oren Squad when the enemy is
on their ass tanks use your head as well
as the amount of damage that you
mitigate by knocking over the enemies
for about 6 seconds is way more powerful
than the extra damage and HP that a buen
squad has at level one so if you need to
fight melee keep ogens similarly if you
need the ogrin to destroy a vehicle like
a death dread keep ogrin don't get
bulens because bulens can't they don't
get the speed boost when they use their
ability it's just AOE suppression really
good at shutting down a Big Blob of
enemy ranged
units not very good against a death
dread that you need to catch orens would
use your head with a speed boost can
catch this a lot easier so yeah just
some things to consider there for
taronis hope you enjoyed that one folks
this is all from your boy topit today
for sloppy Saturdays I I'm signing out
[Music]